content/docs/installation.mdx, before:

---
title: Installation
description: How to install the project.
---

<Steps>

### Create project

Start by creating a new Next.js project using `create-next-app`:

```bash
npx create-next-app my-saas-project --example "https://github.com/mickasmt/next-saas-stripe-starter"
```

### Install dependencies

Enter in the folder and install dependencies for your project:

```bash
cd my-saas-project
pnpm install
```

### Create a `.env` file

Copy/paste the `.env.example` in the `.env` file:

```md title=".env"
NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_URL=http://localhost:3000

AUTH_SECRET=
GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=
GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=
GITHUB_OAUTH_TOKEN=

DATABASE_URL=

RESEND_API_KEY=

STRIPE_API_KEY=
STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET=

NEXT_PUBLIC_STRIPE_PRO_MONTHLY_PLAN_ID=
NEXT_PUBLIC_STRIPE_PRO_YEARLY_PLAN_ID=
NEXT_PUBLIC_STRIPE_BUSINESS_MONTHLY_PLAN_ID=
NEXT_PUBLIC_STRIPE_BUSINESS_YEARLY_PLAN_ID=
```

### Configuration part

Let's check the configuration part for update all environment variables before use `pnpm run dev`.

</Steps>

Commit message:

feat: add vercel deploy button

content/docs/installation.mdx, after:

---
title: Installation
description: How to install the project.
---

<Steps>

### Create project

Start by creating a new Next.js project using `create-next-app`:

```bash
npx create-next-app my-saas-project --example "https://github.com/mickasmt/next-saas-stripe-starter"
```

Or deploy with Vercel :

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fmickasmt%2Fnext-saas-stripe-starter)

<Callout type="warning" twClass="mt-4">
  A good way to create your repository, but the deployment will fail because you
  need to add your environment variables locally in your project. Follow the
  documentation for that.
</Callout>

### Install dependencies

Enter in the folder and install dependencies for your project:

```bash
cd my-saas-project
pnpm install
```

### Create a `.env` file

Copy/paste the `.env.example` in the `.env` file:

```md title=".env"
NEXT_PUBLIC_APP_URL=http://localhost:3000

AUTH_SECRET=
GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID=
GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET=
GITHUB_OAUTH_TOKEN=

DATABASE_URL=

RESEND_API_KEY=

STRIPE_API_KEY=
STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET=

NEXT_PUBLIC_STRIPE_PRO_MONTHLY_PLAN_ID=
NEXT_PUBLIC_STRIPE_PRO_YEARLY_PLAN_ID=
NEXT_PUBLIC_STRIPE_BUSINESS_MONTHLY_PLAN_ID=
NEXT_PUBLIC_STRIPE_BUSINESS_YEARLY_PLAN_ID=
```

### Configuration part

Let's check the configuration part for update all environment variables before use `pnpm run dev`.

</Steps>
